Add tutorial on creating jira issues from enforce events (#623)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-enforce/events/create-jira-issues/index.md

> ---

Author: Hmm, looks like I named the whole directory `events` for all three of these. I'll rename it as part of this pr?

> ---

Author: Moved them all and updated nginx.

You will also need:

* The [`gcloud` CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) and a Google Cloud account if you choose to run the application using Cloud Run.
* `terraform` to configure a Google Cloud service account, IAM permissions, and deploy the Cloud Run service. If you are running the application elsewhere, you can ignore this requirement.
* An [Atlassian API Token](https://id.atlassian.com/manage-profile/security/api-tokens). Note that this guide assumes you are using the cloud version of Jira.
* `chainctl` in order to create a subscription webhook endpoint.
* An [Enforce or Sigstore policy](/chainguard/chainguard-enforce/chainguard-enforce-kubernetes/chainguard-enforce-policy-examples/) and a Kubernetes namespace that is configured with the `policy.sigstore.dev/include=true` label to use Enforce for admission control.

## Steps Overview

Deploying the demo application consists of the following steps:

1. Cloning the example repository
2. Running `terraform` to provision resources in your Google Cloud account

> 3. Creating a secret in your Google Cloud account to store your GitHub Personal Access Token

Author: ```suggestion
3. Creating a secret in your Google Cloud account to store your Jira API token
```

1. `group`: your Chainguard group ID. Use `chainctl iam groups describe <your group> -o json |jq -r '.id'` to retrieve it.

2. `project_id`: your Google Cloud project ID. Use the human readable name for the project as opposed to the numeric identifier.

3. `jira_user`: your Jira username that you will use to login and create issues.

4. `jira_project`: the project key for your Jira project. This is distinct from the project name. You can find the key under the `https://<your-domain>.atlassian.net/jira/settings/projects/manage` page.

5. `jira_url`: this is the URL to your Jira instance. It should be of the form `https://<your-domain>.atlassian.net`. You can find your URL under the [Atlassian Account Products page](https://id.atlassian.com/manage-profile/products).

5. `issue_type`: the kind of issue you want to create for Enforce policy violation events. The default here is `Task`, but you can substitute in your own issue type if you have created one.

Once you have all the information gathered, run the `terraform plan` command:

```shell
terraform plan \
  -var "jira_user=<username>" \
  -var "jira_project=<project key>" \

>   -var "jira_url=<your domain.atlassian.net> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -var "jira_url=<your domain.atlassian.net>" \
```

was wondering why all the text turned blue!
